---
tags: personal
title: Opting Out of Parenthood
date: 2023-11-02
---

For reference, Amma is my mom and Abuji is my dad.

---

I finally put something into words that I hadn't been able to before. Amma and Abuji were able to opt out of their responsibilities as parents for months or even years at a time.

Abuji did it early in our lives, like when we had to live in Pakistan for a year and then starting in 1995 when he went to China. He was able to live like a bachelor for months and even years. I didn't hear from him that often when he was in China. He called maybe once or twice a month. As we both know, he was busy romancing Christine. Who has the time to talk to kids when love is in the air? Abuji put the burden on Amma when we were really little, but when we'd moved here, the burden was mostly shifted on to us kids. I don't remember him doing very much  didn't do much of anything when Amma was gone in the 90s, at least not that I can remember. And the pattern repeated itself when Amma went to Pakistan in 2006 and I was living at the house. It was up to me to prepare all the meals; he'd just ask what was for dinner.

Same for Amma. She was able to go to Pakistan for months while we were kids on at least 3 occasions. This made me remember that when Amma returned from one of her pre-1996 trips, she was complaining about someone saying she was engaging in "awaara-gardi". I looked it up and one of the meanings of that word is truancy. That person was describing exactly what Amma was doing, which was abandoning her kids to get some rest and relaxation. I personally didn't mind it when she was gone; in fact, I was very against her coming back so soon when she'd left in 1994. I wanted her to be gone for at least a few more months. And she refused to do a lot of the day to day adult chores when Abuji left for China. That fell to me and Naz as I stated above.

They used us kids as ways to get a break from their responsibilities as parents. That's the thing that's always galled me, but that I've never been able to put into words until it occurred to me. They both had a privilege that most people don't: opting out of their day to day lives to go relax abroad. We were used to help them execute these selfish goals. That makes me see even more that they only ever cared about themselves and only thought of what we could do for them.

They're total failures as parents and as people.