---
tags: fantasy-sports
title: OL_SOS Method For Fantasy Football
date: 2015-05-11
---

> 1. First, either in a spreadsheet on the computer (Excel, OpenOffice, etc.) or in a notebook, create a set of 10 columns across the top of the page, and then going down, create 32 rows, one for each NFL team.

> 2. Write the following, in sequence, into each column at the top, going from left to right: TEAM TOTAL OL# 1 OL# 2 OL TOT OL AVG SOS# 1 SOS# 2 SOS TOT SOS AVG

> 3. Next, pop open your FFI magazine, flip to the Offensive Lines section, and populate the TEAM field and the OL# 1 field in order of their OL rankings, 1-32. So however FFI ranks the teams for Offensive Lines, that's the order your spreadsheet will go here initially. Start with the team ranked #1, write their name in the TEAM field, then write 1 in the OL# 1 field, and go all the way down the sheet until you've entered all 32 teams.

> 4. Now head to the magazine Contents, and see which page the “Difficulty of Schedule” or “Strength of Schedule” section is (they usually will call it one or the other). Either head to that page, or if you prefer snagging that info online and getting some updated info as well, you can head over the FFI website. As part of your FFI magazine purchase, you also get access to some free online updates before the season starts – it's their way of bridging the gap between print time and your Draft Day. They will also give you updated cheatsheets there as well.

> 5. Once you're looking at the S.O.S. list, notice the two different sets of rankings. The main ranking, which shows the teams numbered from 1 to 32 on the left, is based on the previous year's winning percentage. Take those numbers, go team-by-team on your spreadsheet, and pop those values into the SOS# 1 column, carefully matching each ranking number to its respective team. To make things move faster, you might want to do steps 5 and 6 here at the same time -- so read step 6 below before you start plugging in data.

> 6. For the next step, look at the PTS RANK, which is a different S.O.S. calculation they do, based on points allowed instead of winning percentage. Take those numbers, and again go team-by-team, this time entering those values into the SOS# 2 column.

> 7. You're almost done with the data entry part, especially if you have access to the spreadsheet. Now you just need to go to your 2nd magazine or other resource, head to their Offensive Line rankings, and carefully pop those values into the OL# 2 column, just as you did for OL# 1.

> 8. That's it for data entry! If you have my spreadsheet, you'll notice that you are done. All of the other values have auto-populated. If you're doing this manually though, you just need to do a little extra work here, which I will walk you through. For the next step, just get your OL TOT and SOS TOT columns populated, which is a piece of cake – you simply add up OL# 1 and OL# 2, and put that value into OL TOT. Then add up SOS# 1 and SOS# 2, and put that into SOS TOT. See – no calculus to be found anywhere!

> 9. Now you're going to tackle the OL AVG column. Just take the value in OL TOT, and divide it by 2. Put that number into your OL AVG, and there you have it... you now have what should be a decent overall Offensive Line rating for each team. 10. Next, take the value in SOS TOT, and divide that by 2. Put that number into your SOS AVG column, and snap, you've got your Average Strength of Schedule rating complete.

> 10. Next, take the value in SOS TOT, and divide that by 2. Put that number into your SOS AVG column, and snap, you've got your Average Strength of Schedule rating complete.

> 11. That almost brings us to the final step... simply take the OL AVG column and the SOS AVG column, add them together, and put that value into the TOTAL column. You now have the total numeric value for each team.

> 12. And last of all, you need to sort the spreadsheet by the TOTAL column, so you can see the true team power rankings. Just Sort-Ascending on the TOTAL column, and you will then magically see all the teams ordered by their true ranking based on OL + SOS. If you're doing the spreadsheet by hand, this is the part that admittedly sucks. You need to go through and number each team (easier to just write on a separate sheet), from lowest TOTAL # to highest. The lower the number, the stronger the forecast for that team. However you do it, make sure that when you are done you have 32 teams, all ranked from lowest number to highest number. Your secret weapon is now officially armed.

> https://www.dropbox.com/s/d3pca50tsn8sq0f/Screenshot%202015-05-19%2019.45.00.png?dl=0

> TOP 5 REASONS FOR MOVING TEAMS ACROSS TIERS **
1. Heavy on the defense, light on the offense. Sure, a team can have a great season under these circumstances – and you'll see two prime examples as we go through our 2010 sample tiers here – but from a fantasy football perspective, it means little. Yes, a great defense tends to give its offensive unit more opportunities than most other teams, but for an anemic offense, those opportunities tend to mean only one thing – more field goals! So outside of the kickers on teams like this, you are usually better off knocking these type of teams down a notch, particularly if they surface in the Top Tier – that usually means they are a rank too high.

> 2. No quarterback. Offenses can overcome many things as a unit, but it's extremely rare to find a high-powered offense without a truly-skilled and confident quarterback. As an example, over the past few seasons someone would always tout the 49ers as a team on the rise, but I would instead keep the Niners notched as either a mid-range team or a team to avoid. Why? Mainly two words – Alex Smith. Alex has just never put it all together. Even last season, when he finally stepped up a level, he still faltered down the stretch. Another example would be Tarvaris Jackson, who also stepped up a level in 2011, but for all seasons prior you could automatically mark his team down a notch if he was slated to be the starting QB. You see this every year, so don't be afraid to knock a team down a rung when you are certain their QB just can't move the team down field regularly.

> 3. A serious lack of offensive weapons all around. The Cleveland Browns are a good example, mentioned below, as a team where only the RB should've even been on anyone's radar in 2010 (Peyton Hillis had an outstanding season). Outside of Hillis, you were looking at Colt McCoy, a past-his-prime Ben Watson, Mohamed Massaquoi and Chansi Stuckey. When you see a team sporting that kind of an offensive lineup heading into the season, it's your duty to mark that squad down a notch in your team tiers, unless of course their offensive line and strength of schedule already reveal the disaster looming ahead.

> 4. The team is just that damn good. You can't let teams like Tom Brady's Patriots, or Peyton Manning's Colts (sigh) slide down to the bottom tier. True, there may be seasons that, offensively, will be less impressive than others. In fact, as an example, despite the Patriots amazing 14-2 season in 2010, they still weren't a top tier fantasy team. They didn't really fit the perfect fantasy mold that season with Brady spreading the ball around so much. However, they were also on the edge of the bottom tier for 2010, and you must know as fantasy coach that taking a team so strong, and dropping them down to the bottom rung, is a bit too much. This OL/ SOS formula is a fantastic, powerful road map for your entire season, but don't give the straight numbers so much credence that you take great teams and rip them out of the picture.