---
tags: current-events
title: "Trump This Week, 8/18/2024" 
date: 2024-08-18
---

Many thanks to the extremists at the Heritage Foundation for finally creating a policy platform that goes too far for the average voter, no matter how uninformed they are.

[Who Wants To Talk About The Issues](https://defector.com/who-wants-to-talk-about-the-issues):

> [Project 2025] is an unsoftened product of the deepest right-wing ghoulosphere. 

> That people care about things like this is a genuine breakthrough. A longstanding problem for Democratic campaigns has been that voters don't like to believe Republicans could possibly support the policies Republicans support. 

---

Trump [doesn't want to have an election](https://www.mediaite.com/trump/trump-says-why-are-we-having-an-election-after-harris-got-nomination-without-primary-votes-they-didnt-have-an-election/) because he's leading, Kamala led a coup, and other fascist reasons:

> You know, they do polls on this stuff, and I’m at like 93%. I said, so why are we having an election? They didn’t have an election. Why are we having an election?

---

The crowd size talk is him trying to [lay the groundwork for another coup](https://www.thenation.com/article/politics/trump-sinister-clown-next-insurrection/). His cult will be more than willing to oblige. Bernie Sanders said it best: 

> Donald Trump may be crazy, but he’s not stupid. When he claims that “nobody” showed up at a 10,000 person Harris-Walz rally in Michigan that was live-streamed and widely covered by the media, that it was all AI, and that Democrats cheat all the time, there is a method to his madness. Clearly, and dangerously, what Trump is doing is laying the groundwork for rejecting the election results if he loses. If you can convince your supporters that thousands of people who attended a televised rally do not exist, it will not be hard to convince them that the election returns in Pennsylvania, Michigan, and elsewhere are “fake” and “fraudulent.”

---

I began reading Denny Carter for his fantasy football articles, but he's fast becoming one of my favs on politics

[Democrats Are Saying No to Leslie Knope Politics](https://bad-faith-times.ghost.io/democrats-are-saying-no-to-leslie-knope-politics/):

> Clinton was treating voters as rational, self-interested actors when they are anything but.

> ...mainstream pundits are seething over the Harris campaign’s refusal to play the same old game that these outlets rely on to create a close presidential race that will generate clicks and views and, of course, ad revenue. 

> The mealymouthed centrists, proudly proclaiming that better things aren’t possible, will dismiss the progressive idea was pie-in-the-sky and unrealistic and chastise the Democratic policymakers for not working with their Republican counterparts, who want a swift end to American self governance and have never asked Democrats for their input in policy making. Millennials know this formula well because we have seen it play out over and over again in what has been a maddeningly unfair fight between Democrats stuck in the 1990s and Republicans ready and willing to break down any democratic guardrail to get their way

> The Harris campaign is the first Democratic campaign to understand that once you throw policy details into the wind, they will be used against you, never for you. 

> Trump has fought like hell to be as vague and nonspecific about policy goals for three presidential runs. And it has worked perfectly for him...

> Democrats are finally, at long last, rejecting the media-crafted game designed to put them on their back foot and feed the bad-faith machine. They rightly see no upside – only downside – to releasing reams of details about what they would do with power. Politics is a game, and the point of a game is to win.

---

[Asking Trump to change](https://www.salon.com/2024/08/15/tell-to-focus-on-issues-not-crowd-sizes-project-2025-shows-that-will-backfire/) and become more serious is the dumbest form of wishful thinking possible:

> The New York Times reported over the weekend that Trump told "rattled donors" he thinks "I was right" to mock Harris for being biracial. He shrugged off concerns about his gutter-style politics, saying, "I am who I am."

---

[What happens to the Republican Party if Trump is defeated?](https://www.dailykos.com/stories/2024/8/14/2263030/-What-happens-to-the-Republican-Party-if-Trump-is-defeated?"):

> But it’s just as likely that something even worse emerges. Because if there’s one thing we’ve learned from the modern conservative movement, it’s that they always manage to find a new bottom to hit.

---

I love the fact that Kamala Harris has shifted the Dems' messaging from "we have to fear Trump and the master plan he has to ruin us" to "look at this weird, doddering old criminal who doesn't ever make sense".

[The Harris Campaign Is Extremely Online. That's Good.](https://bad-faith-times.ghost.io/the-harris-campaign-is-extremely-online-thats-good/?ref=bad-faith-times-newsletter):

> This, as I outlined in a recent BFT piece, is known as a dilemma action: Putting your opponent in a lose-lose situation with a lighthearted and/or mocking strategy. The Harris campaign's excellent posting puts Trump in a dilemma precisely because if he responds to their well-timed taunts, he looks ridiculous while instantly emboldening his opposition. If he doesn't react – a sheer impossibility for the most undisciplined politician in history – then he looks weak and vulnerable. The Harris folks know the Big Boy will lash out. It's why they're posting this shit.

> They've become so accustomed to being the tormenter that they surely never imagined that they could become the tormented. That's precisely what they are today as Harris and Walz make laughingstocks of their opponents...

> Kamala is trolling the trolls. And I say: Keep trolling.