---
tags: law, current-events
title: Behind the Scenes at the Supreme Court
date: 2024-07-31
---

[Alito](https://www.cnn.com/2024/07/31/politics/samuel-alito-supreme-court-netchoice-social-media-biskupic/index.html) and Clarence Thomas are the main reasons we need Supreme Court term limits.

> Alito has long given off an air of vexation, even as he is regularly in the majority with his conservative ideology.

> But when Alito sent his draft opinion around to colleagues several weeks later, his majority began to crumble.

> Alito appeared weary of it all by that last day.

---

[The immunity decision](https://www.cnn.com/2024/07/30/politics/supreme-court-john-roberts-trump-immunity-6-3-biskupic/index.html) is the end of any plausible deniability SCOTUS had to being an impartial body. Roberts is a disgrace.

> Roberts made no serious effort to entice the three liberal justices for even a modicum of the cross-ideological agreement that distinguished such presidential-powers cases in the past. He believed he could persuade people to look beyond Trump.

> He upended constitutional norms, enlarged the institution of the presidency and gave Trump a victory that bolstered his litigating position even beyond the case at hand...

> He, like Justice Brett Kavanaugh who served George W. Bush, perhaps considered the possible legal vulnerability from episodes such as the Iran-contra affair in the Reagan years or the Bush-era torture memos for interrogations after the September 11, 2001, terror attacks. Roberts made clear that he worried about routine prosecutions of ex-presidents and “a cycle of factional strife,” as he put it.

