---
tags: sex
date: 2024-10-02
title: Thought Catalog sex stories
layout: post
---

From now deleted Thought Catalog posts:

44 Of The Craziest Random (But True) Hookup Stories You’ve Ever Heard

> I was at a bar and a girl came up to me and said ‘I refuse to leave until I get a dick in my mouth.’ I happily obliged and we had sex in the stairwell of a parking structure. I don’t think I’ll ever have someone just come up to me and ask for sex again.

> Last day of college before winter break a girl on my dorm floor said she was going out to a party and when she came back, she’d look for me. I said whatever because I wasn’t into her at all (not my type physically or in personality). She was really into me which I didn’t understand because I’d never given her any signal I had any interest. She comes back from the party drunk, knocks on my dorm room door and when I open it, she proceeds to fall on knees and gives me the blowjob against which I measure all others I’ve received. 10/10 would let her blow me again.

---

46 Men Reveal The HOTTEST Thing A Woman Ever Said To Them (NSFW):

> Was doing anal on my wife one night and thought things were going pretty good…when she kinda flips her hair back, looks back at me, and says, ‘We haven’t seen each other in almost a week—and I’m not complaining—but if I’m giving you my ass, I want you to fuck it so hard I feel it in my throat.
>
> While fingering a girl… 
>
> **Her**: Use two fingers. 
>
> **Me**: I am. 
>
 **Her**: Use three.

> ’Fuck me like you hate me…’ said the other day to me. Fucked like an animal after that.

> Newish girlfriend and I were getting pretty carried away after a few bottles of wine, and I was thinking it might even lead to our first sex. At some point, she looked up at me with wide eyes, leaned toward me and whispered in my ear ‘don’t be gentle.’

> Was getting dressed and ready to leave after having sex at her place. She was still lying down in the bed naked, and just casually said ‘if you sleep over tonight you can fuck me without a condom on all night.’
>
> Me: sigh **unzips pants**.

> University dorms. We’re making out and watching a movie. She gets a text message and tells me ‘”Shit, my parents will be here soon. Can you quickly cum in me?’

> I was plowing her on her couch, and she just started shaking, like she was shivering from cold, but it was 80 some odd degrees.
>
> So right in the middle, she looks up at me, and says ‘Do you see this look? It’s fear. You should not be able to do this to me. I don’t know how you’re doing it, but don’t stop!’
>
> Just the way she said it, all breath-y and lustful, damn…

> I dated this crazy girl that would say some insane, but hot-AF in the moment kinda shit:
>
>> I’ll suck your dick til I’m pregnant
>
>> Fuck me til you can park your truck in my ass
>
>> Just start with 3 fingers on each hand
>
>> Ah gaauud, don’t stop until I cry

---

[21 Men Describe The Best Sex They Ever Had In Graphic Detail](https://thoughtcatalog.com/lisa-woods/2017/05/21-men-describe-the-best-sex-they-ever-had-in-graphic-detail/):

> Whenever we took a break we’d lay on the couch and watch some movie I’d just slide it in and just lay there slowly fucking throughout the whole movie, then back to playraping. I love ass to mouth and licking ass so I made sure to fuck her in both holes then face fuck her then make out like our tongues were glued to each other, sharing the taste of her juices.

---

[43 Married People Confess Why They Stopped Having Sex With Their Spouse](https://thoughtcatalog.com/lorenzo-jensen-iii/2017/03/43-married-people-confess-why-they-stopped-having-sex-with-their-spouse/):

> I got tired of swallowing his cum and taking it up the ass.

---

[50 People On ‘The Most WTF Thing Someone Did While Hooking Up’](https://thoughtcatalog.com/christine-stockton/2013/10/50-people-on-the-most-wtf-thing-someone-did-while-hooking-up/):

> I feel as if my performance was lackluster, but an intense sensory overload occurred.