---
date: 2024-10-03
title: Cousin story
tags: sex
layout: post
---

[
    Fucking Cousins (I did it)](https://www.craigslist.org/about/best/nyc/20375023.html):

> Out of the blue he jams his cock in my pussy. I mean jams it in. Unbelievable No hand guidance nothing. He knew my pussy would be wet I guess. NO condom. One clean straight shot. I was freaking out thinking "OMG no condom, we'd have retarded kids, my family would puke, my bf would freak, this is hot, I'm a whore, fuck this is sooo HOT" etc... I am going thorugh all of this shit in my head and getting and he is pumping away from behind (on my side remember?) and my friend and her bf walk in. FUCK!
>
> IMMEDIATELY he starts laughing and pushes me saying "Ok ok, I'll stop tickling you if you stop farting".. His cock STILL in me! Lolol My friends were like "Um.. ok.. We were wondering what you guys were doing!" We all laughed hard. It was pulled off but not very well.

> Two days before my bf came home were upstairs in the bathroom getting ready to get into the shower after a fuck-fest. Shower is running, he decides to lick me once more before we step in. Like true dirty girl who would fuck her cousin, I was sitting on the toilet my legs spread with one leg on the bath tub rim and one on the sink rim. Whore. Fucking whore. Anyway.. he is working me like crazy and WTF!!!!!! MY FUCKING SISTER (who is religious, married and 9 mos pregnant) WALKS IN ON US!!!

> My stepbrother and I got plastered and he sought comfort in my bosom let’s just say……